you you did uh you did  say  i love you to the waitress as soon as  you sat down of course because i it's  the truth  edith huh  hi  what i need  [Music]  oh no you know i think the more that you  learn about human psychology like they  call projecting right when you have  anger issues where you blame other  people projecting it's like i see a lot  of gaijin here they'll project  [Music]  [Music]  but anyway yeah since i've moved to  japan i've had sex with uh i wouldn't  say like thousands of women but  definitely um i've had a good good  number good number a good healthy number  that's always growing you know like i've  dated some quite attractive women in the  past you know i've always prided myself  on dating quite attractive women  you know it's like i've  i'm not i'm not going to deny i have  slept with some some  lake trolls some  some uh creatures that you could find in  skyrim you know i but i've also slept  with some amazingly beautiful people  point is ladies if you're fat i'm sorry  unless you see unless there's a guy  who's like really really really really  [ __ ] desperate  and uh and he's one of those special few  that has no [ __ ] no balls and he  thinks that you're pretty because of  your personality which hey they're  around sometimes and you're totally for  that but more than likely if you want to  if you want to get a guy lose some  weight  a lot of weight take better care care of  yourself you know [ __ ] hygiene wise  uh you know just outlook wise and  everything and i mean you got to start  from square run one unfortunately ladies  you guys are very very physically  attracted creatures you got to make some  changes in your life guys you get  attention  and you get  people to like you immediately by being  that outgoing extrovert i think there's  a lot of things we can do to  coerce the situation in our favor when  we talk  and that's a skill that you can learn  just like dribbling a basketball and so  that's the great thing about those books  like david deangelo's double your dating  oh my god that taught me so many good  [ __ ] techniques the game in general  taught me really great techniques you  know i think the fact of the matter is  just that uh you know well one i stopped  making fat being my limited belief so  it's like you know  i stopped making that being the reason  for all my failures you've got to stop  thinking about how you're a piece of  [ __ ] because you're fat okay you're  never going to get anywhere or meet a  chick that you really like because  you're fat but one of the things you can  do is stop [ __ ] thinking about how  you're fat and disgusting people are  people have tons of insecurities about  themselves  and  trust me when a girl gets naked she's  got way more [ __ ] baggage you're  carrying a santa claus bag so hot fat  santa claus pun intended she's carrying  she's pulling two semi trucks behind her  that's what she's doing so  you know you got to remember that like  anybody who you're [ __ ] probably has  just as much if not more baggage than  you and so while you as long as you play  it cool and you're like hey i'm fat but  you know whatever [ __ ] look at this  dick  you know okay maybe you can't do that  unless you got a big dick but point is  is that if you um if you're coming off  like you're the [ __ ] and that you're  like yeah i'm fat but like it's not  gonna change overnight so like you know  we doing this or what it's um  you'll move forward a lot better point  is ladies if you're fat i'm sorry unless  you see unless there's a guy who's like  really really really really [ __ ]  desperate  and uh and he's one of those special few  that has no [ __ ] no balls and he  thinks that you're pretty because of  your personality which hey they're  around sometimes then you're totally for  that but more than likely if you want to  if you want to get a guy lose some  weight  a lot of weight this one guy in the  comment section i don't i do remember  his name but i won't say it because i'm  not going to give him any attention he  was basically making all these  assumptions about the kind of women that  i've dated over the last couple years  and well i mean i guess the whole time  i've been in japan it's like this guy he  was saying that i just [ __ ] a lot of  women that have low standards and are  into foreigners and because of that uh i  get laid like i'm not gonna brag about  my one night conquest here because i  don't think there's anything to brag  about i love it when i get comments like  dude you know this guy is obviously  still virgin oh man you know i'd like to  see the women that he [ __ ] a bit  they're not hot at all i just i love it  because it's like you know all the times  that i've ever heard anyone talk [ __ ]  um  about me there's only been one person  who ever talks [ __ ] to my face and  that's because a lot of [ __ ] talkers are  [ __ ] man i mean i when i talk [ __ ] i  have the mentality that listen the  person who i'm talking [ __ ] about is  five minutes away around the corner and  he's gonna hear what i said and he you  know the possibility of him confronting  me is very real and i got to be prepared  for that i know i haven't put out the  like the the like you know pictures or  whatever the women i've had sex with and  i know there's some people that even  like to say like they're like oh well  sam posted a picture of this woman on  instagram he's obviously having sex with  her and i'm like dude like i didn't say  nothing  because a gentleman does not brag i'm  not saying that i'll kick your ass  because you know i'm fat and weak for a  man but you know i'm just saying hey i'm  ready to get my ass beat if need be you  know out of all the experiences i've had  with women um overall and i've i've had  sex with  many women from different countries uh  you know [ __ ] chinese filipino korean  japanese american scottish  the list goes on and on i'm a  connoisseur when it comes to vagina  around the world and the fact of the  matter is is that like a lot of women  that i've dated  one none of them have ever been with a  foreigner before two none of them spoke  english three i never met them at  foreign places  and a majority of them had no ever like  they didn't have an interest in dating  foreigners like all the women that i've  dated up until this point  except for maybe one i spoke only  exclusively japanese too i'm not i  wouldn't consider myself a player or  somebody who who disrespects women look  if i can get laid you can get laid too  and i saw one comment being like yeah  sam will even if he's [ __ ] chicks  whatever he's not [ __ ] hot chicks  he's probably getting sixes or sevens  he's not [ __ ] supermodels and uh you  know my only reply to that is like why  are you angry like  [Applause]  [Music]  sex  will never  make you happy  some of you your mind is already  racing ahead  with the assumption  that i implicitly mean  one night stands  shallow insipid  meaningless relationships in contrast to  some kind of  hallowed  long-term commitment an idealized  marriage nope  sex  will never make you happy  romance  will never make you happy  love  will never  make you happy  it's  all  meaningless  i once heard a conversation  between  jank wieger  and his female co-host these are two of  the anchors over at the young turks  both people have been married for many  years  and they were sitting there ringing  their hands with regret  because it had been so long  since they'd felt butterflies in their  stomach since they'd felt  nervousness  and fear  when flirting with someone in the first  stages of initiating  a new  sexual relationship that for them as  middle-aged married people right that  was a fond memory from their youth and  they were lamenting how long it had been  since they had felt that way and then  they sat there and kind of reassured  themselves well oh no but you you've got  to do the right thing you've got to stay  committed you've got to stay married  like you can't  split up for this kind of  fleeting pleasure guess what  both  are meaningless  i read a study  of um  american paratroopers the guys who jump  out of  helicopters it's not worth telling the  whole story now as to why i was reading  this strange document but you know what  the thrill  of jumping out of a helicopter or  jumping out of an airplane with a uh you  know a parachute in your back  it only lasts the first five six or  seven times the first time you're  terrified right and this has been  studied  like how many repetitions how much  training do people need until they're  really good they're really calm and  until it's completely routine  to jump out of an airplane to jump out  of a helicopter all right at some point  if it's the thrill  that interests you  the thrill is gone  because the instinct you're talking  about there  is  fear  what people misperceive  as happiness  is  fear  what people think is thrilling  about sex about love  about romance  is fear  bread  doesn't taste good  if you're not  hungry  if you're ravenously hungry  the lowest quality scrap of wonder bread  factory made stale bread  tastes amazing  okay  water  if you're not thirsty  seems to have no taste at all  and when you're dying of thirst it's the  most amazing  sort of flavor these  biologically  rooted  experiences that we call  pleasure that we call romance that we  call love that we call courage that we  call  heroism  they're all  meaningless  they're all  pointless  and if you're one of the people in the  audience who's on tko sam's side of  things  if you're someone who's enormously  overweight  or just struggling with being ugly  and unappealing to the opposite sex you  may now be sitting with your arms  crossed  furious at me and saying well it's easy  for you to say  a man who has jumped out of an airplane  with a parachute on more than 100 times  it's easy for him to say  it's meaningless  it's no big deal there's nothing to be  afraid of but what a thrill it would be  for you  if you could step out the door of that  airplane just once  it's easy  for me to say  and that's why i'm saying it  it's easy for me to say  and i'm right  and it's true  and even if you never have  the depth of experience  that lets you feel the way i feel  it's really important  for you to know  what i know  so that you do not ruin your life  in the way tko sam  has